Add kernel type-checker (#375)
argumentcomputer/ix: docs/ix_canonicity.md

  The metadata sidecar carries exactly the information needed to
  reconstruct a particular Lean-visible term — binder names, mdata
  wrappers, source member order, docstrings — without contributing to
  the hash.

This pair is the entire design:

```
Lean  ──compile──▸  Ixon (canonical)
                    │
                    │    bytes flow through kernel / ZK pipeline
                    │    using only the canonical form.
                    │
                    ▼
Lean' ◀─decompile─  Ixon + Metadata
```

where `Lean' ≡ Lean` as Lean `ConstantInfo`s, not just observationally.

## 4. Four Operational Invariants

The abstract property in §1 decomposes into four concrete invariants
that every stage of the pipeline must uphold:

### 4.1 Content-address invariance under declaration permutation

Two Lean blocks whose inductives, constructors, and field types are
pairwise-equal **modulo source order** must compile to the same Ixon
block address, and each constituent inductive / constructor / recursor
must share a content address with its counterpart.

**Corollary.** The canonical block layout cannot embed any information

> specific to a Lean source-walk: no aux names like

Reviewer: Nit: replace "walk" with "traversal" or more precise language here and elsewhere

   nested auxiliaries during recursor generation
   (`build_flat_block` in `src/ix/kernel/inductive.rs`), the
   resulting aux set is unsorted: discovery order depends on the
   primary ctor walk. The kernel synthesizes `KConst::Indc` views
   of each aux (instantiating ext type with `spec_params`,
   replacing the ctor result head with the synthetic aux KId) and
   runs `sort_kconsts` — the iterative partition-refinement port —
   to compute the canonical aux order. Stored aux recursors are
   then validated by position against the kernel-canonical aux:
   the stored `.rec_N` at rec-block position `n_originals + k`
   must validate against `generated[n_originals + k]` via
   `is_def_eq` on the recursor type.

The primary validator is cheap (O(n) comparator calls, no fixpoint
iteration) when every adjacent proof is strong. If any adjacent proof
is weak, it runs the full iterative algorithm for that block. The
iterative mode is also used when the kernel must derive canonical
order from scratch (rediscovered aux). Both share the same comparator:
`compare_kconst` / `compare_kexpr` / `compare_kuniv`.

**Trust boundary.** The kernel never reads `AuxLayout.perm` or any

> other sidecar to decide canonical order — the sidecar persists

Reviewer: Nit: Replace "sidecar" with "metadata" or "metadata layer" or more precise language here and elsewhere

Author: will fix docs in a separate pass

pub enum MutConst {
  Defn(Definition),   // tag 0 — definitions, theorems, opaques
  Indc(Inductive),    // tag 1 — an inductive type with its ctors
  Recr(Recursor),     // tag 2 — an eliminator
}

pub struct Inductive {
  pub recr: bool, pub refl: bool, pub is_unsafe: bool,
  pub lvls: u64, pub params: u64, pub indices: u64, pub nested: u64,
  pub typ: Arc<Expr>,
  pub ctors: Vec<Constructor>,    // ← embedded; not separate MutConst entries
}

pub struct Recursor {
  pub k: bool, pub is_unsafe: bool,
  pub lvls: u64, pub params: u64, pub indices: u64,
  pub motives: u64, pub minors: u64,
  pub typ: Arc<Expr>,
  pub rules: Vec<RecursorRule>,   // ← one per ctor, in canonical order
}
```

For one user-written `mutual { … }` block of `n` user inductives that
exposes `m` distinct nested-aux signatures, compile produces these
canonical blocks (each block has its own content address):

#### Inductive block — `Muts([ Indc, Indc, … ])`

```
Muts([
  Indc(rep₀),  Indc(rep₁), … Indc(rep_{n−1}),     // user reps in sort_consts order
])
```

Each `Indc(I)` carries `I.ctors: Vec<Constructor>` inline. **Constructors
are not separate `MutConst` entries** — they live inside their parent

> `Inductive`. This matters for projections (see 6.0.x below).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Inductive`. This matters for projections (see [projections](inter-block-references--projections)).
```
